
"i'm so tired"
"Waiting in line @ tryst"
"why did i agree to work a double shift"
"is really, really bored... I guess I will go to bed"
"So deep its priecing my soul"
"THIS TWITTER SHIT BORES ME, NOW I C Y I HAVEN'T BEEN ON HERE IN A MONTH"
"Not actually managed to purchase anything from the ovi store yet. Constant server error on check out"
"Tweeting from the tarmac at Cork Airport. Delayed"
"Feeling nauseous and can't sleep."
"Friday tubes at work are slow.."
"omg i realy can't sleep ughh"
"Gogol Bordello &lt; par.    Prolly not even in the top 10 of GB shows I've seen.   Perhaps some old fashioned Civilization II will help?"
"@Natalija been there  sucks like hell."
"is really ultra bored"
"Last Chemistry lesson for this school year!  On a brighter note, my birthday will be sandwiched between two days in chemistry lab!"
"My brother just woke me up to help him with his homework. I'm not happy"
"just woke up day off and need to go in to work that sucks. Also have to go dentist for filling at 12 then st helens for mri scan at 2"
"Finishing the video. Fuck me, it's so long"
"don't know what to do today.  amazing weather and i'm sitting here, great."
"@solobasssteve I'm with you there - filing is so much less fun than sorting cos you still have to look at it &amp; hunt down details"
"fo shizzle. . . i'm bored and wanna go do something.  wish i went to pisay today. oh wellz. wonder who were there."
"Again documentation day"
"why im not sleeping  !!"
"i think that studying has really started taking its toll.."
"im bored.. RC is goin maintenance"
"I need something t do like hello... Im fucking bored now.  um... yeh..."
"is boiling in the office, air con any1 ?"
"Cleaning the old apartment today. Yay..."
"@memow what did you think of the finale?  I thought it was kind of a cheap way out"
"in math class waiting for lunchhhhhhhh. seniors are done in fifteen minutes"
"trying to finish my ass-ignment.please god help me to finish it"
"@MeanMillies boo"
"nomatter how much i sleep am still tired"
"bored...disgusting weather..bored..sooo bored for my last weekend here"
"i dislike math, but math HATES me"
"Ok super bored... guess no one else it"
"I am sooooooo bored in textiles !"
"Moving in the rain is not fun. Last day in the Hamptons"
"this weekends abouttttto SUCK"
"at work getting a quick bite to eat before having to kill my wrist self addressing 500 envolopes"
"Youtube isn't working...and I wanted to watch Britains Got Talent.  I'm debating about having a pity party."
"@h269 revising as uni exams are looming"
"Its seriously quiet and lonely here without Bunny"
"@KatherineLunt Really bored tonight though  Your book I think (Y) xxxxx"
"Just got home from the bank, the teller was definitely hitting on me. Not interested."
"The gigantic initial inertial to get oneself to work after a deadline"
"Spent too much today!!! Tube journeys always take soo long. Braces on thursdayyy"
"I want to go to my home!!! D: I don't like stay in the work all alone"
"Can't believe how gorgeous the weather has been today &amp; I've had to spend it at work!"
"BORED.  would love someone to talk to."
"is bored. my BFF doesn't want to hang out"
"i'm so tired  of being sick ALL the time!!!!"
"Have I mentioned this bus was sloooow? on it for about one hour now"
"Not really feeling like my man cherishes me  wtf ! http://myloc.me/1ZLt"
"ok its been one hour im still waiting im losing my patience"
"@shaveblog Problem is, Flash isnt GPU accelerated.  The Atom 330 can't play Youtube HD or Hulu HD fullscreen   Big deal with Plex..."
"I totally want some white chocolate macadamia cookies from Mrs. Fields but the mall is soooo far away. Bleh  i think I'll make my own"
"@BlueEyedGirl18 One hour and fifteen minutes.  A dreadful wait."
"Just woke up and feels so damn lazy  time to work out damnit!"
"@BOPandTigerBeat i love those boys. i missed the chat yesterday  it was the firts &amp; only one i'll miss though! &lt;333 Nick Jonas &lt;3333"
"@Julius_Beez - I'm 20% hetero-challenged, but still didn't care for &quot;Milk&quot;... I thought it was boring."
"Wow, kinda bothered that Jon is doing deposits now.  Apparently he keeps getting fucked out of times, but deposits are SO hard for me"
"grumble..weather man.. don't know wtf they are talkin about."
"bored. tired got headache"
"On a 10min brake. At wrrkk ... its 11:06 and its over at. 11:16"
"jus sittin in da libray and this stupid computer wont let me order any mac foundation"
"bored out of my mind"
"@vmlemon i dont like #kde since ver. 4.0 its like vista  #fail"
"@starstruckfeie  i have no one to watch it with! ma peeps  are actually focused on their finals already!"
"I feel like I have to throw up."
"fml. forgot alli's dance recital is tonight. now i'm stuck talking to munchkins all night instead of being at devon's bonfire. :/"
"@spidermonkeyloo Were you going to come? The venue said that they couldn't afford to open so cancelled it. I wish we were there now!"
"@lmacken I'm stuck in a try-to-merge-two-tools CSS hell, so no help from frameworks  Unless both tools had already used the same framework"
"@lilaznangel16 im looking forward to just getting past this chapter!so annoyin when i have so much that i wanna do and i cant get to it"
"Eastenders is always so grim"
"At every gas station, I look for postcards for @Zomuu22  No luck."
"sitting next to bed. cannot lay down because iPhone charging cable is too short."
"it's realy boo0o0o0o00oring ..my book is on the side &amp; i'm not studyin for sure..."
"@knayam need some more enthu movie guys for that. Right now it's just you, @karmkhanna and @_Anshul"
"i don't know what to do... time is going by so fast."
"sitting at the chevy dealership in utah waiting for the van to be fixed"
"Im bored   -musiic[BOX]"
"@SapphireElia If its sunny go to the beach! Im stuck at home doing essays when its 20 degrees"
"I have to give up my beloved Red Sox tickets!! Argh! Meeting was just scheduled in CA..."
"at home and sick    http://yfrog.com/17zw1j"
"Ditto that, my friend...BORED! Oops, now I have an exciting problem"
"@random_nexus he has to have a new suitcase, but he is just so bloody indecicive, everytime he wants to buy something it takes HOURS"
"@gillianre i can barely walk- they're twice the usual size  @ least its now&amp; not in NY ;) ive requested my song;) u retquestin owt 2nite?X"
"Steve Aoki  sorry. May b nxt time."
"Sitting in the tax collectors office.    Getting ready to write a check."
"Bad week for connectivity...Arlington Panera wifi sucks. Maybe head to Legal Seafoods at airport. Dang...missing Metaverse U stream."
"Very bored. All day, no one 2 talk 2. Missing my BF (and his kisses). Hols almost over,  don't wanna go back 2 skool."
"is stuck in traffic"
"Man i am being boring today not tweeting  How are you guys?"
"bored , cleanin the house"
"ya know why today sucks? its been raining, we have no $, &amp; no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight?"
"oh no, i need new work shoes...i broke this one!"
"@ericmaglio1 i have no phone  whatchu doing tonight sucka. no dane cook she sold the tickets. lamee."
"is tired. 04:30 alarm setting will do that  Off to bed as soon as my bloody iPhone Backup and Sync finishes."
"even though it's only 7am on Saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I'm awake because I had a bad dream.."
"Ugh... Waiting.... Interminable..."
"@thefunkyfairy hiya, hows your week been?? just tried to DM you but your not following!  x"
"@themabster not if you have to be to work at six..."
"@edie22 What's wrong with Dr.Phil? I shamefully loved his show when I was able to watch it."
"@hughsbeautiful beast I have had enough"
"Mikey I'm bored"
"Dead stopped in the express lane. This would happen when I choose to take it. No way out now. Ugh. Hopefully this gets moving"
"@savingtime buuuut its so annoying!!  okay *breathes* x."
"have to go meet tims entiiiiire family in an hour, this should be different.. finishing getting ready then wake ; feel like shit still"
"Ahhhhh processing shipment  sooooooo much!!!!!"
"Going crazy  super head ach from hell and my the in laws have ben here since 9 this morning. ahhhh"
"my brother left me for the day now I am here by myself"
"Facebook won't load for me.  Damn it, I'm bored."
"TGIF... Hubby dragged me out to buy car parts. I am tired n cranky"
"J Ross you can't leave the killers still singing and run the titles - you should have been edited out for more music - happy - not"
"@grooveybianca12 nah jkin he's hot! so... bored now"
"@dmafiax thanks ALOT, stuck at work with it too"
"my neighbours are far too loud in thier back garden, all I can hear is this loud woman that won't stop laughing"
"We are on the slowest train ever, it stops everywhere. Missed a quick train by a few minutes"
"@jambomb oh that looks boring  and even more boring you have an exam on a saturday"
"tired as fuck. it's pissing down with rain. i miss summer"
"is not liking the online livebox right now. Internet is dead."
"Just got home from the BEA &amp; it was kinda boring (2 me) this year  but hung out with some GREAT authors &amp; co-workers!"
"bored fixed the internet for my dad but now im bored to death"
"longest flight EVER. not particularly unpleasant or uncomfortable, just really really long"
"waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored."
"@xx_Megan_xx Same! Like the kisses on nights when she wasnt up for eviction! They were very badly edited"
"ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat"
"Is still stuck in the office working!"
"Just started feeling bad again  ugh. I hate it when I don't feel good!!"
"Cleaning the House! Im so boring.."
"Not gonna lie, i'm going to miss high school lunches. A lot. Damn."
"I'm so tired. I don't get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole damn thing."
"aw now where's that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public? i miss laughing at her."
"got new sneaks today..can't wait to break them in..stupid rain"
"I need to go ouuut. I'm so bored."
"@Candyland3 thats terrible."
"Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. It's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap"
"1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-I'm tired. 7-Aaaand I'm out."
"@DanielFielding i tried listenin to music 4 half an hour! Tried readin a really boring book-still wide awake!"
"#todo Cleaning the Apartment - again - who keeps making this mess? oh yeah .. me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean"
"@TrafficMike irregularly. And Im (half-assedly) working on an essay. by saying half-assedly I really mean not at all. Words not even open"
"@aussiecynic Watching you work is exhausing. Just thinking about it is making  me sleepy"
"doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics"
"#com125: we have a quiz! again .. Feliza is bugging us again  its getting very annoying!"
"HEY YOU' ALL SUCK;its anybody on there :s im so bored common answear me"
"counting the minutes until I can go home"
"Stuck on NJ Transit for the past twenty minutes. Great way to start the week"
"reeeejuvinated  and bored as hell."
"@thebirdmachine: About 1pm.  Squeaking?! Hell squeaking?! D:"
"@LostinSweden too bad I don't drink  But Kentucky is cool tho.All my friends lived in Cincy and I was driving across existance every wknd."
"Good Morning twitters!!! I am soooo tired...I really need 2 stay off of twitter...LOL this shit is taking over my life...LOL"
"I'm SUPER tired and probably could sleep ALL day BUT I work 12:30 to 9:30 today in Tool Rental... Oh the Joy!!"
"@GregInsco thats another sponsor"
"i have been in the lounge for HOURS...and i have not been productive at all. upps time to go out"
"I'm my mom's company picnic at a Lake Elsinore Storm game. Oh the things we do to please moms"
"@onamatepiya piyaaa! hi. :] im hyper &amp; im bored &amp; im online &amp; im going to find pictures for the noteboook.  still cant send messages. grr."
"Nothing to do. Just sitting here. I can see Mrs. P and her husband"
"@jodimariethomas hey Jodi.. what's up??ugg.. im bored.. i just made a sundae.. c u monday.. ( hahaha it rymed...) loll. cu in school"
"should probably do some house work  for my mummy think id better. would cook dinner but im a shit cook lol xx"
"Time to get off the puter. Nite all."
"@RaceSpeed You are so welcome!!!  Keep 'em coming!"
"Listening to maylene and wondering why cant I pull off as many cool southern metal licks as them"
"Nothing relaxing on a Saturday night!"
"@heatedskates That may be, I still don't like hearing his name so much.   #blackhawks #canucks"
"@PurpleFoodie yeah...I hope it turns out... 20 more minutes!"
"@rhixz16 nothing much, juss really bored! hbu?"
"I think I might have to call it a night. Getting that falling feeling, need to fall into bed. Night, night, tweople!"
"(@Pina) i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning"
"@DanniPandemos ok .... Here 409 is a cleaning soln .... Blah.... Over and out"
"today was boring...harry potter ftw"
"Prom is so over rated!! Irritated... Going to bed goodnight"
"1:36 AM screw it im going to bed... one love"
"Watching mens volleyball on TV.  For some reason its not as good as womens beach volleyball.  Cant quite place why"
"@carlysmum lol takes some getting use to  Just replying to your email. Power keeps cutting out here :S"
"@lovely_sara I'm sitting in the bus to dublin And listen tokio hotel-reden.And i must laugh.you know why"
"@astrylnaut yeah talking to you was too boring"
"just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hit a cleaner"
"@ncreations MBB has been cryopreserved. May return in the future..."
